and here I'm going to show
a program that I introduce myself that
since
it's like
of the
and good that I 'm going to show you
for another useful
good you have to wait because
if it takes
well before anything else
I will leave the download link is
free
so delete
such
I paused the video for
ok here is open
and here is open this chicken comes out nothing
it more stung him whole
and here what it looks like is the power point
if they put a form
from the aspect
here is how to move
and so many
and good there
If you want, I give you another video for a
as a tutorial but apart
good
can not continue here
will not be
here it would be like something like that
and they ask you here
well before let me create another one for what
best
here they can give you
set a slide background
come here
here they are given many options
good as for example I the xerez
for example
they see that it has changed
and well this is the same good
to send another
to another
positive
what they have to do is add
action
and after that
nation hyperlink
with the new device a
what is this
and there from well
and I put it here
here is the good of the text I put
and here is
and so that they materialize
good is that if it is difficult
well here you give to try or here
It was that I
as he leaves
Well, I have it because I was bitten by another
option
the same is to go out
from here
to this
so I'm going to make the video apart
because it is not so long and good
free download link portable
in four series he will ask you to
access an account
from 40 facebook twitter
and we possess so if they can
well that's all
I hope it has served we are going in another
video